What does cooking mean to you? Uh, a lot of things really. I mean, for one To, I know some people, my mum always likes to say some people Cook, like they eat to live but my family has always lived to eat.

So food is such a big part of my family and also culture because we're Singapore and Chinese. And if you know anything about Singaporeans, our entire personality is food. Um, so I think from a really young age, I'd follow my grandma on the kitchen and I cook with her.

So a lot of it. It's bonding with family. It's also distressing time like I really I cook to unwind. And um, I'd say it's also kind of like every time I feel a bit lost. It helps me to organise my thoughts, and every time I feel It's so cliche, but it's also how I find myself every time I go through bad periods.

Like, I just cook a fat meal and then I'm like oh I remember who I am again. Uh, can you paint a picture of the cooking Dynamic in your house? Oh, Ironically, my mum doesn't cook. It's all my dad. It's all my dad and my grandma. So my mum hates the kitchen to be fair.

My mum hates anything that's laborious. Honestly speaking she doesn't clean she doesn't cook. I love my mum. Um, so my dad really enjoys cooking. My dad likes the praise, he gets and he cooks well, and people are like, oh my God, this is so good. He's like, I know, thanks.

Um, so my dad loves to cook and he's always the one cooking. Um and then when I was really little, I've always been a bit curious about the kitchen. So like they would let me like sit in and watch and then when I got old enough, they started giving me small stat like tasks to help out in like getting the water and putting in the sauce and then slowly upgraded to The Chopping and then the actual cooking.

Um, so I'd say it's always been like me and my dad and then my grandma's like a huge influence on my cooking as well, but we don't live with my grandparents, but we used to go over basically every day because my parents used to work, my both, my parents work.

So, they leave me at my grandma's all day every day. When I was little before I started school and so I'd always be in the kitchen with her, like, cooking and learning from her as well. And my grandma's like, Really traditional like Cantonese housewife type of Vibes, which means she really just cooks and cleans, and she learns and the recipes are all learnt.

Like from generation to generation. There's no like, writing it down. There's no Um, definitive measurements. It's all like till your ancestors tell you to stop type of energy. Um so it's all by feel and it's all by heart and it's also all by something, my like something we like to call moke, which is like, I guess you could say the equivalent of like heart.

Yeah. Um, yeah. So how does cooking fit into your daily schedule? Um, it takes out a large part of my day. Actually, I'd say, I cook twice a day at least, so use your breakfast. Is something simple, something that doesn't require cooking. Um but like lunch and dinner I'll cook and it's it's not always elaborate but at the very least there's some like boiling or frying involved in every meal.

Okay. Um, What? I don't know if this is similar to Your Dynamic. But, um, you might have touched on these already. But what role does cooking play in your hustle? Do you feel like you've already answered that question? I like you heard it out. I, I kind of answered about the dynamic when you say like role.

Do you mean like Just kind of like in general like how often my household Cooks these days. Um however, you interpret it. Yeah. Okay, well I mean I live separately from my family now so me alone I still cook every day. Yeah, think about this context in you living with your roommates and yeah, yeah.

So, I still cook every day. I just, I think most of my flammates also. I do see them cooking. I think all of us, there's six of us here. We never see one of them. So, five of us, I think all five of us. We cook at least once a day, each I would say out of everyone, I cook the most Because I've, I've I literally cooked twice a day every single day.

Some of them cook once a day twice a day, maybe. But most of the time, I know they meal prep. Um, And I think I am grateful that I live in an apartment with flammates who are very considerate and very clean so it's a very conducive environment to cook because I have friends Who live in apartments, where it's not conducive to cook regularly because they have slammates, you just kind of leave stuff everywhere and they don't clean up after themselves, and then it's just, it's Unhygienic and too messy to like feel comfortable cooking in the environment.

Uh, when was again was something about When was the last time you cooked at home and why? Uh, this afternoon just for lunch because I was hungry. Why not? Oh and right now, really I'm prepping for dinner as right before this interview. Um and I'm just having some friends over for dinner and I'm doing four traditional Chinese dishes.

Um, A large part of how I make friends and form bonds with other people is through cooking. And like, it's also kind of always been one of my talents Um, like cooking. I always cook. Enjoy it and I do it well. So whenever I'm trying to like, Forge new relationships, so strengthen current ones and just invite people over to enjoy my cooking, it creates a space for people to it's also intimate, right?

Because it's a labour of love. And you're showing people that you care about them, enough to put that amount of effort and love into doing something for them. Um, so if you don't know how to cook something, how do you approach that? Um, Full honesty. I just search up an online recipe, but as far as it goes with like cultural dishes, especially like, if I know someone, from that culture, I prefer to ask someone Um, Because like, I feel like online recipes can be a bit impersonal.

So, I like, if I wanted to cook Chinese food, then, I don't know. I call my grandma, I call my mum. If I wanted to cook Indian food, I'll ask nikhil one of my Indian friends. If I wanted to do something Indonesian, I've got an Indonesian flatmain, I'll ask her that sort of thing because I like the personal touches that come with cooking.

Can you be a bit more detailed in terms of when you're searching online? Like, where are you on YouTube? Are you just Googling it? Um, so I usually Google it. I prefer a written recipe because I go at my own pace and I know, they'll give you like steps and stuff.

I never follow them. I just get a Vibe and I can usually go from there. So I don't follow things to a T. I don't enjoy videos. I feel like it's too regimented because I might have to wait for you to tell me the next step. So that's usually how I go about things.

It's all like A Vibe game. Um, are there aspects of cooking that frustrating? Um,

Not really, I want to get frustrated if I'm in like a foreign environment. And I don't know where stuff is, how stuff works? Then I get irritated but generally, no, can you tell me more about that? Um, Or yeah. Recounts and experience. Yeah about that. Well because like every stove is different, right?

I don't know how hot it's gonna get. How quickly it heats up. And I'm really particular like it's all like Mal, it's all feel as well, the way I cook. So if I'm like, in a new kitchen, and I don't know how the stove works or how hot it gets for like, Like whether it's a guest over an electrical stove that kind of thing, it also affects how the dish turns out.

Um if I don't know where the condiments are it takes me too long to look for something. The dish might get overcooked that sort of thing and that kind of usually pisses me off a little bit. Um, are there any dishes that you can't make in? Your current like share also University space.

Um, That you want to but don't and why. Yes. Uh, A lot of dishes have heavy smells especially in Chinese culture. And so it's not the most considerate for me to cook some of them. So I just don't because like some they have really strong smells like there's like a vinegar pork chowder thing that I love, but it genuinely just smells like a pig died in the house if you cook it.

There's like braised chicken feet which also smells like a chicken diet in the house when you cook it. And stuff like that. I guess that I missed that. I don't cook here. So it's purely just because of the smell of some stuff I guess.

Have you ever cooked with someone from a different cultural background and what surprised you the most about their approach? Uh yes. Um there's so many instances I guess. One specific example is when I cooked with Nims. Um, It surprised me. How much more, um, Like they use their hands when it comes to cooking Sri Lankan food.

Because with Chinese food, it's a lot of the walk and the spatula and like, even when you add condiments and stuff, you just add it straight from the bottle. Or like, even with spices you kind of like straight into the Um, pen and all that and you eyeball it, but I've noticed with nyms, when I was cooking with her.

A lot of it was she would use her hands to take it out and like get like a gauge in her Palm before adding it to stuff and she even like slipped stuff with her hands in the pen. Which threw me off great? Like I was like, oh my God, you're gonna burn yourself and she's like, nope.

Um so it's just like more hands than utensils I guess. And also like A little bit more. A little slower and a little, small slower than I guess the chaotic way I cook. And She uses a slower fire so not as much heat is. Another thing that I was like, huh?

Um, Any other experience you can speak about, maybe if Regarding. Um, prep or cleaning up or yeah.

Yeah, I really only cooked with nymphs and Charlie. Charlie dropping up the fucking wall. I hated cooking with her. Um, so Charlie's wasn't Charlie's. Charlie was my old English flatmate and she's lovely in her own way but she was very difficult to cook with, because she was very messy And she I'm someone who likes to clean as I go.

So the moment I'm done with something, I'll wash it on the spot, and it just reduces the workload at the end, right? Charlie would just throw stuff in the sink and it would literally create a mountain. And then she would not wash it for two days. Um, which drove me insane, and she also didn't prep, so she'd like, literally be stirring something.

She's like, oh, actually, I needed carrots. And then she started peeling the carrots and then chopping it as something's already boiling, and I was like, you're fucking insane. Like I actually cannot do with you, it was just there was no organisation. There was no method some like I can respect a method to the madness but there was no method, it was just Madness and I could not take it.

It was just too much so that was one example. Yeah. Um yeah, are there any other stories you want to share where I was gonna say you? Okay. Um yeah, when I cook with you, I feel like You're very like, Slow. So sometimes I it kind of drives me insane as well because you're clean and I do appreciate that.

Like you really like Keep it very clean but I also feel like there's no organisation and then you're really slow and then I get really anxious that something's gonna burn or it's gonna overcook. And then that I don't appreciate. But I think in terms of like Clean up, you clean up pretty well.

It's just one of the prep that I feel like is also lacking, because you kind of just you, do you have the same Vibe of Charlie, I think at least to me? Um that you like go you cook, you go as you cook and so sometimes if you're like oh actually this needs this you'll just walk away.

And go find whatever it is, you need. And that just that that makes no sense to me. But yeah.