So, What? Was cooking mean to you. It brings me satisfaction. Can you elaborates? What? Satisfies you of assets? Yeah. I was not a good cooker before but then maybe because I live here alone. Now I have to cook more and then as time pass I just get better at it and I get used to it, I guess.

Okay. So like survival, I guess. And that gives these satisfaction to survive or something else satisfaction. In cooking. Or 10 section. To something that I thought I'd kind of coded well, but yeah. I can't actually. And you learn, And you learn like how to cook it. Yeah, yeah. Okay.

Um, Do you think, do you think? We'll cut started the transcript. What does? So thinking about your context now, like you living in igloo The dynamic like, in terms of, And your housemates. Um, Yeah. Cooking wise. Yeah. Like, oh my gosh. Okay, yeah, we we share cooking tips. I guess like sometimes we list each other cooking and then I would like just look at what Nisha is cooking, because she's a really good cooker.

And then we'll just share each other's recipes. Well, I will share mine because mine is not good. She will share yours but she would share hers. Okay. Um, in your daily schedule, like what does it look like to you? Because in the morning, it's in the evening. Yeah, I cook at night.

Mostly, we'll see here. Anything other than that night time is takeout. Yeah, or like any any other? Yeah. Like Oh yeah, sometimes in the morning if I can wake up, then I will cook breakfast or maybe I'll make sandwich. Okay. And, In your Householder growing up. This is a like what?

What did that look like? Was it your parents cooking? Yeah my mum cooks for me every every day. After school, I came back. Uh, from school in there. My mum will cook that. Okay, then on the weekends, we'll go out and Um, So, you were saying that. You get satisfaction from like learning a dish.

You don't know at night. Um, how do you approach? Cooking something that you like you don't know how to cook. Do you watch a video? Do you prefer reading recipe? Like yeah. Can you talk about that? I watched YouTube videos. I searched how to Or maybe I will ask.

For recipe, or Cooking instructions, I guess because My friend really loved cooking? Yeah. Wow. And then I will find her. Yeah. Yeah. Do you have a preference? Like, do you hate reading recipes as opposed to watching them or oh, I like, do you have a order that you feel like, I don't, I don't like look at the recipes because it's too complicated.

So I usually watch videos. Because like there's a vision. I can see more Kaylee and More understandable. Okay. Um, When was the last time you? Made something that like reminded you of home. If you have, if you have Last week. I cooked tomato egg. Which my mum always loved to make room.

And his n was my favourite dish.

I'm out of four. Um, is there anything about cooking that frustrates? You Anything in the process like prepping and shopping and cooking just the oils. Of the world. Yeah cuz like it. This is the, the Spectrum I was like. Okay. Anything else besides love? Oh, I I don't like to use a bake knife because I I'm scared to cut my fingers.

That's about. Valid of fear. Um, um, um Okay, have you ever cooked with someone from like us different? Maybe a different style or like maybe a different culture and what surprised you, I guess. Like you. I made kimchi fried rice for my Korean friend. Is that something like maybe when you're cooking together with someone?

Have you have, you have you cooked together with someone like you invite some friends over and you make something together? Yeah, keep up. Hm. Like a week ago. Yeah. Okay I make that with my friends. How else can you tell me about the experience? Like, did you guys? Clash on anything or was there was there like clean up?

I don't know yet, I don't know. We can talk about that. We bought all the ingredients together and then we cook. And compare the ingredients and then We we made it together. What was like did you feel frustrated at all of that car? Maybe someone was Doing something or were you just like I don't care.

No, we are we all participated? And it was smooth, like no issues. No, well, my friend was definitely a free rider. So but it's fine. We're all like, it's fine. Okay.

Yeah. But then, but then sometimes we have to like You have to battle for like, who is going to wash the dish? How do you figure that out? Do you just That works. Yeah, effective. Yeah. Okay. And I won't.

Did you divide this by like people who who did more slow cooking or was it divided evenly? Yeah. Actually me and my friend cook and then my friend will watch the dish. Okay. But they didn't help the cook the way they helped. No, they didn't. Okay? Okay, but you saw the rock, paper scissors.

Well sometimes. It depends. Okay. Would you even imagine if you cooked how much the dishes? Even if you lost the rock purposes.

All right, no worries. Don't worry. You'll be you'll be anonymous. Yeah. Very cool. Thank you.
